CPP-3658 SC docs moved to docs.sonarcloud.io (#11)
sonarsource-cfamily-examples/linux-cmake-azure-sc: README.adoc

= Documentation

> - https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/languages/cfamily/[Documentation of the C, C++ and Objective-C plugin and its Build Wrapper]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/[Documentation of the C, C++ and Objective-C plugin and its Build Wrapper]
```

Author: Good catch!
